Refresh CLI troubleshooting guidance (#818)
stacklok/docs-website: docs/toolhive/guides-cli/client-configuration.mdx

   See [Test MCP servers](./test-mcp-servers.mdx) for help testing the MCP
   server's availability.

2. Check that the client is registered:

   ```bash
   thv client status
   ```

3. Restart your client application so it picks up the latest configuration.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Client can connect but tools aren't available</summary>

If your client connects to the MCP server but tools aren't available, ask the
server directly what it advertises:

```bash
thv mcp list tools --server <SERVER_NAME>
```

- If the server returns the tools you expect, the issue is on the client side.

>   Re-register the client with `thv client setup` and restart it.

Reviewer: `thv client setup` doesn't remove clients, so I split this into 2 commands
```suggestion
  Re-register the client by running `thv client remove <CLIENT_IDENTIFIER>`, followed by `thv client register <CLIENT_IDENTIFIER>` and restart it.
```

Author: Good catch - confirmed against the CLI reference (`thv client setup` only does interactive selection of unregistered clients). Split into `remove` then `register` in dfd4845, and added reference links to both subcommands.
